Add variable fallback to fix Chrome issue (#15003)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

- Bump versions for security vulnerabilities ([#14697](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14697))
- Ensure the TypeScript types for the `boxShadow` theme configuration allows arrays ([#14856](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14856))

> - Add fallback to uses of opacity variables in colors ([#15003](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/15003))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set fallback for opacity variables to ensure setting colors with the `selection:*` variant works in Chrome 131 ([#15003](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/15003))
```
